alright let's go outside right now
because we have to see what's going on
out there it's our eighth annual
pedestrian belly flop competition there
is Guillermo how are the conditions out
there what's the weather like is it
windy no it's great the weather's nice
the water looks good would you say that
this is an ideal scenario for a high
level belly flop competition yes you me
thank you all right let's meet our
expert panel of judges first up a man
who's seen hundreds of people plunge
into water the co-host of Wipeout John
Henson is thank you for having me John
is it true that there's a I think the
now if it's a federal law but a state
law that says whenever people are
crashing into water clumsily you will be
there it's one that I have made taken
advantage of very good
and our next judge or two-time dancing
with this our champion a woman who knows
how to win Cheryl Burke Cheryl
thank you for coming
Cheryl are there are there similarities
between dancing and diving or belly
flopping and mr. there is nothing
similar oh nothing nothing at all and I
I hate water I hate to be wet and I
can't swim so this is perfect for me
thanks for choosing me is there any
chance you might get into the pool
tonight Cheryl just depends on how much
vodka I have tonight all right
load her up with kettle one and
anchoring our judges panel the greatest
diver in the history of pools two-time
Olympic gold medalist for every day
how're you doing I'm doing well Greg
what is the secret to a perfect belly
flop for me a really strong jump and
really flat if they bounce that's extra
points it's the about yes all right all
right Guillermo let's bring out our
first whopper hopefully he will bounce
and here he is
the first international entrant into
this competition while you look great in
those what are those Speedos speedos
okay all right well you look great
regardless of what they are this will
not be your first belly flop correct
never know you've done many yep you've
done many all right you don't practice
there's a lot of pressure on you you
were right now are the prohibitive
favorite and Guillermo count him down
and let's do this three two
maybe we get six to eight people to hold
that thing down on the other side let's
look at our instant replay now you see
he we go oh that was good that was very
very good I in my opinion but I am NOT
one of the judges let's go the judges
now for their scores we'll start with
John John I didn't realize I was sitting
in the blast radius good you are but
John gives him a nine we might need to
push him out of here
Cheryl how did he what do you think
Cheryl well I am officially wet so I
give em a seven all right Cheryl is
toweled up and she gives in the 7 and
finally Greg Louganis Greg you've seen
so many dives
yeah I'm pretty stoked to but I a seven
a seven while despite the back
how do you feel about your your score I
think you were I think you they were a
little hard on you because they because
they have not seen any other belly flops
yet yeah I've been practicing for years
that's the best I got well you look
great and thank you so here we go let's
go up to our next contestant here mo who
do we have on the board
now have you ever done any belly
flopping before no I'd never have done a
value five you've never attempted one
you understand the concept though yes
yes I do and you understand that you
will get extra points if your stomach
comes out red I do now you do know okay
all right if you have any questions
before we do this no is there any sense
that I'm just killing time so we can
stare at you okay
all right Karen but let's have a
countdown please three two one
let's take a look at our instant replay
and Amara leaps in and I have to say
pretty good form and she doesn't have
much of a belly but I'm not sure how
Cheryl is gonna judge seeing as how she
did not actually see the dive but I give
her a 10 just for the bathing suit but
the the dive was v graving john gives
her 10 Cheryl I thought everything Jimmy
I give her a nice wow I have to say I'm
surprised by this tomorrow how do you
feel about your flop it didn't hurt as
bad as I thought it would all right what
you want to get leader right now you are
the leader with 28 points that's gonna
be a hard number to beat
and should we go on should we go into
the next fit ok next round all right
let's do one right now what is that okay
cousins out has handed her a hot dog and
who is this gentleman what is your name
is Terry sir where are you from Terry
West Los Angeles wow I can see the whole
night sky in with hands Thank You Terry
are you an accomplished belly flop er
yes I am all right Terry ready to do
this yes sir I don't want to wet the
judges though this score to beat is 28
Guillermo count them down 3 2 1
tsunami let's look at the instant replay
you can see here he got some good height
and then straight down that's how you do
it folks that is how you do it right
there let's find out again Cheryl did
not see one second of that and John
Henson we start with you you know what I
I'm gonna have to deduct one point for
the fit of the suit okay John gives him
a nine Cheryl I don't have to shower for
the next week so I'm gonna give him a 10
and finally Greg Louganis I'm giving you
a call all right you're in the driver's
seat right now I think you did very you
have to be happy with that yes I am I
appreciate the scores for today najara
the cotton the competition will march on
they are not finished enjoy your hot
dogs if you just joined us we pulled a
group of confused pedestrians off the
street we put them in bathing suits and
now they're ready to belly flop
Guillermo who is our flopper number four
Brittany hi Brittany where are you from
Georgia Joe what part of Georgia Rome
Georgia okay and are you a good belly
flop er um I've never done it
intentionally but when I do it I think
it's pretty good okay very good well
this time you're gonna do it
intentionally yeah caramel counter down
three two one
let's look at the instant replay and our
we got a pretty nice splash there let's
go to John Henson judge number one John
I think pound for pound that might have
been the best performance John with the
nine a very good scores were you happy
with that score yeah all right let's
load somebody up on the platform and
we'll be back later to finish this off
make sure we go out for one more yeah
all right I'll go again yeah let's see
let's see oh yeah all right well here's
my name is Bobby Bobby where are you
from I am from Temecula California Bobby
say hello to Zach Braff hello Zach Braff
hi Bobby I like your beard thank you I
like it you look like you may have
recorded one of the songs I'm his new
soundtrack I can't tell you that that's
exactly what people have my son trick
Bobby do you think it's gonna take a
perfect score to win this thing you
think you're capable of it I'm
definitely gonna give him a best shot
liable to do the beard might be able to
help give it a shot let's see what you
got and here we go we get the pounds
valuable - oh this is exciting
belly flop there's a lot of physical
action there yeah let's do much style I
think you can maybe too much style with
the too high firm on duck dynasty
alright well I been an intense night of
flopping action and now it is time to
crown a champion cousin Sal who is our
winner tonight I think it's this guy
right here sorry
our champion tonight congratulations to
you you may now accept the belly
flopping trophy and a beautiful trophy
it is Greg Louganis has placed the medal
around your neck in a way
outfitting and yet how ill-fitting at
the same time thank you to John Henson
thanks and Cheryl Burke thanks to Greg
Louganis into all of our brave floppers
tonight hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel did you know
there are things other than pornography
on the internet watch them on the Jimmy
Kimmel Live YouTube channel which much
like your own body I encourage you to
explore